Add blog post about MITRE's top 25 CWEs of 2025. (#50)
CHERIoT-Platform/CHERIoT-Platform.github.io: _posts/2026-02-04-cheriot-top-25-cwes.markdown

There's no excuse for writing APIs that are vulnerable to path traversal in the 2020s.

The next two are good old-fashioned memory-safety vulnerabilities.
Position 7 is use after free ([CWE-416](https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/416.html)), and 8 is out-of-bounds read ([CWE-125](https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/125.html)).
The latter is mitigated by any CHERI platform.
The former is usually made unexploitable by CHERI systems, and is deterministically mitigated by CHERIoT.

The next two are unlikely to apply to embedded platforms.
[CWE-78](https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/78.html) at position 9 is largely to do with failing to validate dynamically created command lines that you pass to a shell.
Then [CWE-94](https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/94.html) (Improper Control of Generation of Code) at position 10 is typically introduced with scripting languages producing output that can be influenced by an attacker and is then executed by another interpreter, a rare situation on embedded devices.

Position 11 ([CWE-120](https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/120.html)) is a 'Classic Buffer Overflow', i.e. something that CHERI deterministically mitigates.

> Not to be confused with the buffer overflow we had at position 5.

Reviewer: Do I detect sarcasm?! This might not be obvious to all readers.

Buffer overflows seem to be popular and position 14 is the third instance of this kind to make the list, this time on the stack ([CWE-121](https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/121.html)).
Again, this will deterministically trap on any CHERI platform.

The next entry is more interesting.
Unsafe deserialisation of untrusted data ([CWE-502](https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/502.html)) is something a lot of people get wrong.
[Phil Day wrote about how to do this safely a couple of years ago](https://cheriot.org/security/philosophy/2024/07/30/configuration-management.html).
Lightweight compartmentalisation makes it easy to limit the scope of damage that this kind of bug can do, to almost nothing.

Did I mention that buffer overflows are a recurring theme on this list?
Position 16 ([CWE-122](https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/122.html)) is yet another buffer overflow, this time on the heap.
One more that any CHERI platform deterministically mitigates.

Positions 19–21, sadly, are not mitigated by CHERI.

> These all relate to incorrect access control at the application layer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Positions 19–21 all relate to incorrect access control at the application layer and, sadly, are not mitigated by CHERI.
```
